---
layout: post
title: "CompTIA A+ Certification"
author: "spockmay"
categories: journal
tags: [antarctica, comptia]
image: cybertree.png
---

The next step in Project Antartica is CompTIA A+ certification. Ugh. The cost for this is going to be $530 unless I can find some discounts. There's a ton of free resources for learning the content, so that's nice. There are a ton of widely available discount codes for the exams that give you 10% off. There are also student discounts (which don't apply to me) and possibly some state's or even counties offer discounts. I will have to look into this more.
Given that I've done IT work for pay since I was in high school, I'm not overly worried about the content of the exam. I'm sure a good bit of my knowledge is out of date - especially when it comes to Windows Domain work which I haven't done since college. My Linux skills are more than I need for this test and I'm guessing that my networking, security, and troubleshooting skills are also going to be fine. I think most of it is going to be learning the A+ lingo and the various gotchas. I don't want to have to take the test multiple times!

The plan of record here is to start with the [Professor Messer](https://www.professormesser.com/) videos on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLG49S3nxzAnnes8ZGI-OBlKEukHCX46N8). There are 63 videos. Wow! Audio has never been a great learning strategy for me, it's too easy to get distracted. So as a backup, the local library has some books as well that I will borrow, in particular I am looking into getting some practice question books if I can. I'll post those once I actually know what I'll be able to get.